dg deploy checkpoint/first draft: prereqs and local deploy steps (#29543)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/guides/labs/dg/deploying-dg.md

---
title: 'Deploying to Dagster+'
sidebar_position: 350
---

import DgComponentsPreview from '@site/docs/partials/\_DgComponentsPreview.md';

<DgComponentsPreview />

> This guide covers how to deploy a `dg`-compatible project to Dagster+.

Reviewer: This guide covers deploying a `dg`-compatible project to Dagster+.

> This guide covers how to deploy a `dg`-compatible project to Dagster+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers deploying a `dg`-compatible project to Dagster+.
```

## Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer: I would add a line here and reformat slightly so you end up with a parallel list:

```
Before you begin, make sure you have the following:

* The `dg` command-line interface installed on your system
* A `dg`-compatible project...
* A Dagster+ account...
* If you're using Dagster+ Hybrid...
```

> - The `dg` command-line interface should be [installed](/guides/labs/dg#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To follow the steps in this guide, you will need:

- The `dg` command-line interface [installed](/guides/labs/dg#installation).
```

- A `dg`-compatible project. If you don't have one, you can create one by either:
  - [Initializing a new project](/guides/labs/dg/scaffolding-a-project)
  - [Migrating an existing project to dg](/guides/labs/dg/incrementally-adopting-dg/migrating-project)
- A [Dagster+ account](https://dagster.cloud/signup).
- If you're using Dagster+ Hybrid, a [deployed Hybrid agent in your cloud environment](dagster-plus/deployment/deployment-types/hybrid),
with access to a Docker container registry to which you can push images.

> ## Deploying to Dagster+ from your local machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps
```

> ### 1. Set up authentication to your deployment with the `dg` CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Authenticate to your deployment
```

<CliInvocationExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/deploying-dg/1-dg-plus-login.txt" />

### 2. Ensure your `dg` project includes the `dagster-cloud` package in the dependencies in its `pyproject.toml` file.

> If you're using `uv`, you can run:

Reviewer: Should we have tabbed uv/pip steps here?

Author: I don't think there's a corresponding pip command for this one

Author: (But we could say if you're not, manually add it to your project file)

<CliInvocationExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/deploying-dg/2-uv-add-dagster-cloud.txt" />
to add the dependency.

### 3. Build your project and deploy it to Dagster+. The steps here vary depending on whether you
are using Dagster+ Serverless or Dagster+ Hybrid.

> <Tabs groupId="deployment">

Reviewer: IMO the tabs interfere with the formatting of the Hybrid steps so much that they're not worth it, esp. since the Serverless section is so short. I recommend formatting as H4 sections, plus moving some of the Hybrid content from steps to notes:

```
#### Dagster+ Serverless

Run the `dg plus deploy` command to build a Docker image with your project in it and deploy it to Dagster+:
<CliInvocationExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/deploying-dg/2-dg-plus-deploy.txt" />

#### Dagster+ Hybrid

1. Scaffold a Dockerfile and `build.yaml` file in your project folder:
    <CliInvocationExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/deploying-dg/3-dg-scaffold-build-artifacts.txt" />
    :::note
    This command will create a `Dockerfile` file and `build.yaml` file in the project folder. The
    `Dockerfile` is used during the deploy process to package your project into a Docker image,
    and the `build.yaml` includes metadata that can be used to configure the build process.
    :::

2. Add your Docker registry to the scaffolded `build.yaml` file:

    <CodeExample
        path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/deploying-dg/4-build.yaml"
        language="YAML"
        title="build.yaml"
    />

    :::note
    For many projects the scaffolded `Dockerfile` will work with no additional changes, but the `build.yaml` file needs to be modified to reference the Docker registry you want the agent to access.
    :::

3. Run `docker login` to ensure that the deploy command can push to your registry. The command to do this will vary for different Docker registries. For example, for AWS ECR, it might look like this:
    <CliInvocationExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/deploying-dg/5-docker-login.txt" />

4. In your project folder, deploy your project to Dagster+:
    <CliInvocationExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/deploying-dg/2-dg-plus-deploy.txt" />
```
